Buddy and Linda main page


Assumption: Josh wants to 
Keep them in their house as long as possible. but, we may have reached the point of them not being able to stay in their house. but, will disagree. because, what thing has really changed to make it impossible for them to be in their house. Buddy cannot lift Linda to sit her on the commode. if DCF discovers this, the government will likely intervene. or is that true? 


Josh may have open quote go to the light syndrome. It may be worth telling the funny story of my family thinking it was the end game, only to go on another 5 years.


Linda cannot currently take care of her ADLs. but, she may be able to in the next 4 to 6 weeks. however, buddy cannot take care of her during this time. Josh also cannot take care of her. this is a assumption. Gail maybe too expensive or too old to make this happen. 


Josh might be more willing to share the load with us. need to get across how important buddy and Linda are to me, even though Josh and I barely know each other at all. need to get across that I need Josh's help, and Josh needs my help. I have jen (SLP/medical/voodoo), I have henry and walter (drivers, strong backs).  I am useless physically because of an illness, but I know how to use a fucking computer.  And, we love your parents. 


Can Josh move furniture? or know strong backs that can?  In the next couple of weeks?  


Does josh have a gmail account?  Because will is a computer nerd.  


Meet for dinner or lunch?  


I’m looking for medication advice from Josh.  Moving help.  Rolodex.  


Goal?  Orchestrate resources.  Squeeze as much out of josh & Amy as we can.  Reduce L&Ps pain level knowing that his kids are engaged in this effort.  Get the best reasonable level of care for B&L that we can.  Maintain a consistent effort until they are in the dirt.  Don’t make it too easy for Josh to keep them in the house.  


Sam out of Americus?  PT?  


Linda ID expires - 


Ask Josh if there is a gmail for Linda and/or Buddy.  We’ll make one for them to use for scheduling and/or patient portals. 


buddy-bship-of-preston@gmail.com
linda-bship-of-preston@gmail.com




Oct 19, 2025


Summary of Conversation Between Jen, Uncle Buddy Blankenship, and Others
This is a casual family conversation covering several topics:
Personal Health & Falls: You mention having fallen twice recently, including one incident in the closet while getting dressed for church and another in the kitchen when reaching for eggs. You had difficulty getting back up. Your friend Josh was home to help during the second incident. There's also discussion of your father (Buddy) having fallen recently at Magnolia Manor with injuries requiring staples, and concern about fall prevention.
Social Updates: Discussion about Amy going hunting, various family members and their activities, mentions of connections to Liberty Church and church-related events.
Clothing & Appearance: Conversation about you wearing dress clothes and discussion about why work overalls became preferable to regular shirts after working in shops and outside labor.
Food & Daily Routine: Talk about eating habits and what you do for meals while someone named June is working.
Mobility Concerns: Several participants discuss concerns about your father's mobility and dementia, including difficulty getting around and the challenges of visiting. They discuss potentially arranging a visit between you and your father, mentioning that caregiver support (Claudia) comes three times a week.
Health Issues: Extended discussion about Amy's recent cardiac health issues—she spent time in the hospital with vision problems, possible blockage, and is awaiting cardiology evaluation.
Smart Home Camera Solution: The group recommends installing Wyze cameras as a monitoring solution for your father's safety. Multiple family members (Jason, Beth, Jen, Chelsea) have access to these cameras on their phones to check on your father remotely, preventing falls and allowing quick emergency response.
The overall tone is warm and familial, with genuine concern for aging family members' health and independence.
Nov 11, 2025
Visit yesterday.  Josh wasn’t home, was working in Montezuma, GA at the pharmacy where he is a pharmacy tech.  Jen’s Uncle Buddy seemed a little melancholy.  Jen thought he seemed like he was having some shortness of breath.  We brought him some macadamia nuts, which he is fond of.  He talked about his time in the U.S. Army in Germany where he was part of a Corporal Missile system survey team.  He and Josh are still getting out and going to church on Sundays where Buddy is a Pastor, but otherwise is pretty much housebound.  Buddy Blankenship is Paul David Blankenship’s brother, and married Will and Jennifer Taff.  Josh is his son.  He usually likes to fish with his four wheeler down at the creek, but it’s getting too cold.  


Linda was Buddy’s wife.  She died March 2024, now Buddy is a widower.  Buddy had bladder cancer that is currently in remission.